i first learn why and when to use git.
today i learn,
1.how to create repository and branch and why we require repository and branch.
2.how to generate SSh key
	it is used to coonect and connect and authenticate to remote servers and services.
        using ssh key i am also connect with github without username.
3.also some commands like
	1.mkdit filename ->it is used create directory.

	2.git clone sshRepoName -> it is used to create copy of target repository.

	3.cd projectName -> it is used for change the directory.
	(using (pwd) command we also see the path).

	4.git remote -v ->it give the list named remote repositories.(Remote repository can 
	have any name.It’s common practice to name the remote repository ‘origin’.)

	5.git fetch origin -> it give the latest update in repository and display the branches.

	6.git checkout -b BranchName origin/main -> it is used to create branch and directly switches to it.

	7.git status -> it is used to check modification and new file into working directory.

	8.git add index.php(index.php is untracked file) -> it is used to adds a change in the working 
	directory to the staging area.changes are not actually recorded until you run git commit.

	9.git commit -m "added echo in index file" -> it is used to immediately creates a commit with a
	passed commit message.(in git commit, it launch a text editor and then save the file and close 
	editor to create actual commit).

	10.git push origin branchName -> it is used to push your local changes to online repository.

	11.git checkout branchname ->it is used to switch the branch that you want

	12.git fetch origin -> when team member has added some new features to your remote repository
	So, to add these updates to your local repository,use this command.

	13.git merge --no-ff origin/branchName ->it is used for merge(--no-ff flag helps create a more 
	readable history. It allows you to put tags that clearly shows where the merges occurred. 
	It can save you time and effort during debugging.
